gh-150207: Raise MemoryError on tokenizer allocation failure instead of crashing (#150275)
python/cpython: Misc/NEWS.d/next/Core_and_Builtins/2026-05-22-21-52-38.gh-issue-150207.l2BUtI.rst

> fails in the tokenizer's ``_PyTokenizer_translate_newlines`` helper, so the out-of-memory condition is propagated as a proper Python exception instead of only being recorded in ``tok->done``.

Reviewer: It looks like you are missing some part of the news entry:

```suggestion
Fix a crash when a memory allocation fails during tokenizer initialization, so the out-of-memory condition is propagated as a proper :exc:`MemoryError` instead of only being recorded in ``tok->done``.
```

Reviewer: Or just 
```suggestion
Fix a crash when a memory allocation fails during tokenizer initialization. A proper :exc:`MemoryError` is now raised instead.
```
